The Protected Area authorities
have requested for you to share
the data for their protected
area as a shapefile and as a
table.
In this video we will go over
how to export as a shapefile.
We'll be using the exported
layer for just the Ziama points,
so the Ziama Sightings layer and
this is going to be a very
similar process to what we've
just done.
We're going to right click on
this layer, we're going to go
into the export section here and
we're going to choose Save
features As and then the format
we're going to choose is going
to be as a shape file this time
and not as a Geopackage.
So in format we'll choose
shapefile and then in the file
name section we're going to
choose where to save this to.
And so we're going to go into
our Hippogriffs project folder.
But now we're going to create a
new folder for the Ziama data so
that we can send the data in
this folder to Ziama protected
area.
So what we'll do is we'll create
a new folder.
We're going to right click new,
create the folder, we're going
to name it Ziama PA and now we
can go into this folder and name
the shapefile that we're
creating.
So we'll call it Hippogriff
Sightings Ziama.
Hit save.
And now all we need to do is
click OK and we can see that
it's added this as a layer into
our layers list, but it will
also be in the folder that we
created.
So now hit save and do the same
thing for the selected points or
the points layers for Wonegizi
and Wologizi.
So export these as shape files.
Create a new folder for the
Wonegizi protected area and a
new folder for the Wologizi
protected area and store the
associated shapefile into that
folder.